okay now I will be demonstrating on how
to make a bra strap holder this needle
has four strands of thread and more or
less we get the center of the shoulders
in any way from here near the center or
from this shoulder line okay so we start
our sewing with the needle going under
the seam allowance of the shoulder then
pass this again on the other side of the
shoulder seam allowance making sure that
the thread does not appear on the right
side of the Laois we will run another
stitch so that this will be more secure
and then run a stitch this way crosswise
and from here we will form a loop this
way
did you see this and with this longer
thread we will draw it in the loop this
way and pull it to form some kind of a
rope not just keep doing this until we
get the width of the strap and a little
allowance so that there's some kind of
easing and guess this is enough length
for the bra strap around 20 knots or 80
knots then we finalize this by putting
the needle inside to lock the nut then
we get this automatic button and attach
it on the bra strap holder
we run around for stitches for just
three because if this is too thick we
might have a difficult time locking the
automatic three or four will do and then
again on this side of the bra strap we
will lock our stitches or threads this
way more or less this is also how you
can do a belt holder on the waistline
then you cut the threads off okay now
you have your bra strap holder and then
of course you have to attach the other
part of the automatic here